Doc'd HttpResponse.cookies. (#17250)
django/django: docs/ref/request-response.txt

    A bytestring representing the content, encoded from a string if necessary.

.. attribute:: HttpResponse.cookies

    A :py:obj:`http.cookies.SimpleCookie` object holding the cookies included in the response.

.. attribute:: HttpResponse.headers

    A case insensitive, dict-like object that provides an interface to all

>     HTTP headers on the response, excluding :code:`Set-Cookie` headers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    HTTP headers on the response, except a ``Set-Cookie`` header.
```

>     See :ref:`setting-header-fields` and :any:`HttpResponse.cookies`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    See :ref:`setting-header-fields` and :attr:`HttpResponse.cookies`.
```
